hey girlfriends if you're a au
natural hair and I'm coming today really
just to do a quick tutorial on a puff so
how I do my pub you know I know there's
a lot of different ways everybody
doesn't come but this is how I think
myself basically I have here is a bantu
knot out and I pull it down and it's a
little bit fuzzy it's not defined
doesn't look bad where it down and it
would be fine but I don't want to I
really want to show off my earrings and
so I just want to pull it up and out of
my face and hair for a puff so over the
creep up so this is how i do my pups I
have a really hard time finding
headbands so I had to come up with some
creative ways to make sure i have a
headband okay um I tried the headband
slide see I've got plenty of them I just
don't use them I've got like these kind
of headbands to have a little tight on
it and stuff I'm all kinds of hip aunt
y'all um I got these real long Pippin's
um I have okay I think I'll get the
point I just have all kind of headbands
okay all kind of hit been none of them
have had much success with my big old
head and making it tight enough so that
my pup stays in place and it doesn't get
loose on me so I came up with this and I
don't even remember how I came up with
this talk and you know what it probably
was my mama told me and she basically
had me get a trouser shop and it's
probably kind of stretched out because
I've used it many times but it's just a
regular
blue it's blue it's a little black
something I don't know cuz you're going
to see it so I don't really worry about
it but it's just a really long trouser
socks it has to be kind of long so that
it can fit you know completely around ok
it doesn't have to sit around a couple
of times but you need it to at least fit
around the circumference of your head
and so this is what I all I do I just
want to make sure that my hair is
brushed I don't usually use a gel to
slip back my hair because it doesn't
bother me too much so not going to put
gel on my edges I'm just going to
you
really well
and on the sides and swap my edges too
nice the thing is too because i like my
pup to be big i'm taking my afro pick
and i'm going to pick my hair out as big
as it can possibly go without looking
too frizzy specifically at the top where
my pup is going to be and it's hardest
but i don't want to pick it out too much
and really starting from the roots and
just kind of pulling up because i don't
want it to obviously bring out so gonna
take my trouser soft and i usually like
to put the bun the tie in the back just
because it's easier for me um but you
could put it in the front against I
don't think it matters and I'm just
going to tie it
and so there you have it there is my
puff for today you like it i hope you
enjoyed the video i hope it's helpful
for you you can do the same method with
a bra strap and i can do a video for
that for you guys to you just needed to
know how to do that but i hope you
subscribe to my channel here at natural
hair freedom absolutely love you guys
and thank you so much for watching and I
will see you later bye
you